Deprecate `control_wires` in `ControlledQubitUnitary` (#6839)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Deprecations 👋</h3>

> * The ``control_wires`` argument in :class:`~pennylane.ControlledQubitUnitary` has been deprecated.
>   Instead, use the ``wires`` argument as the second positional argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `control_wires` argument in `qml.ControlledQubitUnitary` has been deprecated.
  Instead, use the `wires` argument as the second positional argument.
```
The changelog is markdown, not rst.
